economic and cultural interests
greed for them and precious metals but
even the well- tense spirit brought
to the man of the fifteenth century to enlarge
their own geographical knowledge
goals made possible also thanks
to the discoveries the new tools for the
navigation
the Portuguese skilled sailors reached
home for the Spanish Portuguese
in fact they aspired to replace
Venice in the spice trade
in this climate of cultural ferment
that the Spaniards accepted the idea says
the municipal elastic tenders up to
reach the india colombo that
sustained the sphericity of the earth
he wanted to cross at all costs
the Atlantic
in fact, on 6 August in 1493 he sailed from the
port of such quarrels la nina
the pint and the holy mary
after a one-month stop in the canaries
for the communists of beautiful race e
they sailed for a month without sailors
they could see no land
only 12 8 today they landed on
an island that baptized them san salvador
the discovery of america by
therefore christoforo colombo brought great
changes and innovations in the use of
spices in the western world
plants and medicines never seen before arrived
before
like tobacco, cocoa, curare e
Latin the charm of the exotic since
with the times it aroused in the western world
great interest and curiosity currently
the largest markets for spices are
singapore and hong kong while the former
exporters are india indonesia e
Brazil
the spices were known since
times of the Egyptians who used them
for body cosmetics to perfume
the houses for embalming e
the Greek and Roman religious rituals over
than to use them to flavor foods and
drinks and to preserve meat
they also began to use them for the former
medicaments for example how to manage
and anti-inflammatories not only spices
make food more palatable and more
digestible but also possess numerous
healthy properties kitchen re with
numerous spices of the term a contribution
greater in vitamins and minerals
and therefore allow you to eat well e
at the same time feel better
many spices in them contain
natural antioxidants in particular
so the ginger, the rosemary and the
thesis and pizarro turmeric were i
most unscrupulous conquerors e
bloody court ventures among the
peoples ex the kids who conquered
skillfully taking advantage of the wonder
of amazement that horses firearms
they exercised on the natives when
these tried to rebel against his own
requests were enslaved
in 1529 it was the turn of francisco
pizarro that subjugated the incas the
he plundered all their wealth in the
five hundred amerigo vespucci explores the
southern and Atlantic coasts
and it is he who convinces himself that he is
arrived in a new continent up to
now unknown to men
in homage to amerigo vespucci al nuovo
continent was given the name of america
while dove will touch the honor of giving
the own to the region called
Colombia